Group 1 Answers:
Which Process Creates Two Identical Daughter Cells?: Mitosis (Left table)
Which Pair of Chromosomes Results in a Male?: XY (Right table)
Which Protein Helps with Movement?: Contractile and Motor (Left table)
Where does Photosynthesis happen in Plant Cells?: Chloroplasts (Left table)
Are all bacteria harmful to humans?: No (Right table)

Group 2 Answers:
How do enzymes speed up reactions? B
What is the 'powerhouse' of the cell? C
Difference of animal cells and plant cells? B
Why are leaves green? C
Natural Selection is... B

Group 3:
Finish first map through collecting them all
(Then, after, go down, then go left)
3, 1, 4, 2, 5 (at the end)

Group 4:
Answers: C, B, B, B, C, B, A, C, B, C

Group 5:
Map 1 answers: water, 6, 7, Na, oxygen
Map 2 answer: 3pi/2

Group 6:
Map 1:
What is the chemical symbol for water? H2O
What is the closest planet to the Sun? Mercury
How many factors does a prime number have? 2
What is the powerhouse of the cell? Mitochondria
What force pulls objects toward Earth? Gravity
What particle has no charge? Neutron
Map 2:
What is the chemical symbol for water? H2O
What is the closest planet to the sun? Mercury
How many factors does a prime number have? 2
What is the powerhouse of the cell? Mitochondria
What force pulls objects toward Earth? Gravity
What organ pumps blood through the body? Heart
What is the center of an atom called? Nucleus
How many continents are there on Earth? 7
What is the chemical symbol for salt? NaCl
What happens when like charges interact? Repel
What happens when unlike charges interact? Attract
What type of bond involves sharing electrons? Covalent bond
What is the charge of a proton? Positive
What is the charge of an electron? Negative
What particle has no charge? Neutron

Group 7:
What is the powerhouse of the cell? Mitochondria
What is the basic unit of life? Cell
What organ do plants use to make food? Leaf
What gas do humans need to breathe in to survive? Oxygen
What part of the cell controls the cell's activities? Nucleus

Group 8:
red blood cells,
red blood cell,
dna,
cellular respiration,
binary fission

Group 9:
4, valves, aorta, renal pelvis, glomerulus
nephrons, red blood cell, axon, myelin sheath, nodes of ranvier

Group 10:
Map 1 answer: H2 + Cl2
Map 2:
What is H2O? Water
What is the chemical symbol for gold? Au
What is 15 + 27? 42
What gas do plants absorb? Carbon dioxide
What is the powerhouse of the cell? Mitochondria
What is 8 x 7? 56
What element has the symbol Fe? Iron
What is 144 / 12? 12
